Move autobooting steps to autobooting section(round 2) + Minor changes (#211)
hacks-guide/Guide-WiiU: docs/user-guide/aroma/autoboot.md

1. You will be asked if you want to switch the boot title. Press A to select `Switch to PayloadLoader`.
1. When the process has finished, press A to shutdown the console.
1. The PayloadLoader will now be launched automatically on every boot.

> Now, we are going to make the Aroma environment start automatically when your console autoboots the Health and Safety Information app and select Wii U Menu as the default title.

Reviewer: Should move this line under the header, and change it to
```suggestion
Now, we are going to make the Aroma environment start automatically when your console loads the Health and Safety Information app and select Wii U Menu as the default boot option.
```

> Now, we are going to make the Aroma environment start automatically when your console loads the Health and Safety Information app and select Wii U Menu as the default boot option.

Reviewer: The only issue left with the PR is this still isn't under the title tag.

Author: For some reason the file on my PC...reset? Tf github

Author: Okay done

Reviewer: such a github moment

### Setting up PayloadLoader, Environment Loader and Aroma

1. Launch the EnvironmentLoader.
    - If you are autobooting the PayloadLoader, simply turn on your Wii U.
    - If you skipped the autobooting steps, launch the Health and Safety Information app.
1. Using the D-Pad, navigate to `aroma` and press Y to set this to your default environment, then press A to launch into Aroma.
    - You might get a red warning screen telling you that updates aren't blocked properly. Press A to continue anyway. We're going to block updates in the "Blocking Updates" section below.
    - To open the Environment Loader in the future, you have to hold X while your Wii U is booting or loading the Health and Safety Information app.

1. On the Aroma Boot Selector, the `Wii U Menu` should already be selected, press Y to set this to your default autobooting option, then press A to launch into the Wii U Menu.
   

> 1. Aroma will now be launched each time you boot(or boot Health and Safety) and then straight into the Wii U Menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Aroma will now be launched each time you boot the console (or load Health and Safety) and then straight into the Wii U Menu.
```
